
 100% Orange Juice is an Anime Board game made by Developer Orange_Juice. 100% Orange Juice is a game that brings all of Orange_Juice’s characters together for one game for Mario Party type gameplay allowing for simple gameplay and hours of fun. Due to basic mechanics and simple gameplay, I believe these are the aspects focused on by the testers that were tested.

The first thing I believe testers would have tested and focused on was Menu navigation and Character and Map choice. With this, they would navigate the menus of the game to see if the game functioned properly and didn’t crash. Then what would be done next is to see if the story and multiplayer character and map choice functioned the way it was planned. Next test would be to test if both story and multiplayer functioned with each character and map allowing for the playtesting part of the game to be tested. This leads into testing the balancing aspects of Dice rolls, Character and DLC Character Balancing, as well as player Card balancing. All three of these would be tested  during playtesting to ensure the best output for the player allowing to see if the player rolled a 6 for an attack they don’t do like 8 damage, or a card that is supposed to warp everyone to random spots on the map that it doesn’t teleport everyone toward you, and lastly making sure every character’s stats and abilities do what is needed and to be nerfed as necessary if one is more overpowered than another.

These are the initial test that I honestly believe were the main test that were done during the evaluation of 100% Orange Juice allowing for players to now Black box Test new characters and cards that are released in the future allowing the company to fix/balance characters or cards as they see fit.
