Heroku allows for easy organization of pipelines by being able to connect your GitHub repo. Allowing for the user to be able to automatically or manually place your Heroku apps in dev, staging or production environments allowing for easy management and testing. With the ability to do this you and your team are not only able to change and access different testing environments, but you can test code in stages to make sure every change or new addition is up to par and works the way it should as you continue your project. And thanks to Heroku’s visual elements you and your team can see every test run taken from the code made in GitHub. Thanks to Pull Request Heroku can generate a complete disposable test environment that allows for a quick test as well as to get back quick data to see if something is wrong or something doesn’t work as implemented or intended. Thanks to all these things working as one not only does Heroku allow for a faster workflow but it also allows for a more professional environment allowing for new and improved iterations of code to be produced, changed, or updated whenever needed after sent to production.
	
  Now to be able to implement these functions and use them to our advantage we need to figure out what we will be using them for. If we were working on an online game project, we would need two things a GitHub account and Heroku to maximize our workflow. Using GitHub, we can start making and planning out our code with our group allowing for a dedicated plan. Then once this begins, we are then allowed to start throwing our GitHub Repo into Heroku to allow our code to begin being tested in the different environments provided to us by Heroku. As we continue to plan and test our game and code, we can be assured that if we do a continued test with each new build or iteration of our code with Heroku, we can be assured to be able to tell where our code fails or what needs to be fixed. As well as being able to change our testing environments as our code goes through the needed steps in production. 
